hello guys this is chaired and today I
want to change this new house of this
finished building and it took quite a
bit of time the ball you know in the end
I'm kind of happy with the final product
she looks look it looks really good and
especially this big window here when I
get I'll get into why I actually wanted
these big windows in the moment well
anyway let's go inside and oh and also
the roof I put these harsh rubs here
first and then I didn't really want to
remove them because I thought I thought
it looks a bit different and we've
already got the flat roof and one of our
two houses here so I wanted to keep up
there to make it look a bit different a
more unique because anyway let's go
inside oh there's not really that much
in the house but I might as well explain
anyway he's got some bookshelves and
we've got a small kitchen here with
nothing inside of the furnace or washing
machine is washing machine by the way
we've also got this so forth and this is
really a standard 10 the listen to that
11 disk again these are this where the
records attempt I was gonna make a
sellable I'm i don't i don't really end
up doing it just because it's only it's
only a salad we show everyone knows what
I look like now but anyway this is a bit
different over this is a bed and more
that's not the thing that's different
but this he audit I first saw I'll this
foot look at they looked a bit cool no I
don't like that never break a fork I
finally class quite a bit I thought I
think it's pretty good if you guys
rather as well it's pretty good like
maybe keep cool little bit a little
working place here I don't really add
that much upstairs go one of them to be
quite a bit room like they usually will
fill it up quite a bit might add some
flower pots something bought yeah and
little work here in this big window
that's gonna be looking over probably
gonna build a dock over there like right
where I'm looking now with the
enchanting table is probably gonna be
dark around about their maybe build a
couple of boats looked over that this is
only a lake so it's kind of a big league
yeah I might actually quickly be able to
show you what oh yeah the lakes kind of
big oh I actually hope you liked our run
away it's good enough a view outside of
it no no
did you see that so some of the
buildings never won in sport are not
over there something I more they work
I'm working on but this is the lake like
travel with all the way into the swamp
and that actually goes into the sea so
yeah it depends really on the lake goes
all the way around and this here is
something that does did I'm actually
thinking of doing something down not
like i'll put the glowstone darling i'm
pretty sure i did but it's like it looks
really good so I'm planning on doing
something down there but anyway guys I
hope you like this video when I hope you
all have a nice easter eggs anyway chest
watching I'll see you next time my next
bill goodbye